The maven project for our ticketing
service to do that launch the Eclipse
IDE by clicking on the Eclipse icon once
you select the workspace you are on the
Eclipse workbench go to the file menu
say new you can say project or go to
other and in here in the wizards type in
maven select maven project hit next next
again leave the default options as is
that is you will be selecting the maven
archetype Quick Start hit next the group
ID I'm using is com.bharath.Junit.spring
you can type in whatever you
want for the group ID it is a unique
space where all your projects will be
saved under maven artifact ID is the
actual project ID so let's give the
artifact id as spring j-unit although it
is a ticketing service just so that you
can easily find the project later on if
you want to i'm naming it spring j unit
you can leave everything else as if you
want you can change the package name so
it is using the group ID dot the project
name as the package name we can change
it to bharathj-unit service for now i
will choose one package called service
hit finish so here is our maven project
it has the package that we gave it and
it also generates a sample java class
with the main method in it and the
corresponding j-unit test for it the
skeleton test for it and the important
maven configuration file form dot XML go
to the form dot XML tab click on this
maximize it so everything we gave when
we created the project is being used
here the group ID the artifact ID these
are all the maven coordinates the jar
says that it is a standalone Java
project for web applications this is war
instead this is the name which we give
then maven some properties for maven and
here is the dependency section which is
a very important section which will be
updating in the next few lectures right
now it only has dependency for j-unit
that to not j-unit for so we'll be
updating all that based on some files
you will be downloading from the
contents of the lectures later on.